{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset178 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs40\lang9\par

\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\fs56 ux functions\fs40\par

\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Ux design \fs22\par
It\f1\rquote\f0 s an extremely varied discipline, combining aspects of psychology, business, market research, design, and technology.\par
UX is not new. In fact, the term has been around since the early nineties, coined by Donald Norman when he worked for Apple as a cognitive scientist.  \par
Norman was interested in all aspects of a user\f1\rquote\f0 s experience with a product or service, including industrial design, graphics, the interface, and physical interaction. To encompass all of the different elements that determine how a user feels while interacting with a product, he came up with the term \f1\ldblquote\f0 user experience.\f1\rdblquote\f0\par
User Experience Design (UXD or UED) is the process of increasing customer satisfaction and loyalty through the use and enjoyment of customer-product interaction When designing the user experience in the traditional human-machine interactive design, it is directed towards all aspects of the service with a sense. User experience is a body of people interacting with a particular system, including interface, graphics, industrial design, physical and manual interaction.\par
\f2\rtlch\lang3073 -----------------------------------------\par
\par
\f3\ltrch\fs40\lang1033 Ui design\fs22\par
It is the design of user interfaces that are used in hardware and software such as computers, mobile devices and other electronic devices, that focus on user experience and usability.\par
The goal of user interface design is to make the user's interaction with the device as simple and efficient as possible to reach the users' goals.\par
\f2\rtlch\lang3073 ----------------------------------------\par
\f0\ltrch\lang1033\par
\fs40 Ux manager \fs22\par
What is UX Management?\par
User experience (UX) management is the practice of managing user experience design-related activities inside an organization to create growth and good management practices. Typical UX management activities are to define an organization\f1\rquote\f0 s UX design language and strategy and manage the work processes around UX design.\par
You can understand UX management both as a job title (i.e., a UX manager) and an organizational activity. Even when UX is the responsibility of a UX manager, it\f1\rquote\f0 s important that the entire organization (and especially senior management) also take an active interest in users and user needs. To practice effective UX management, leaders must ensure the strategic alignment of people and practices all in the interest of the product\f1\rquote\f0 s or service\f1\rquote\f0 s end users.\par
--------------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 Ux writer\fs22\par
What is UX writing?\par
UX writing is the art of crafting the texts that appear throughout the interface of digital products (websites, mobile apps, etc.). Just as in the world of traditional publishing, this text is referred to as copy. But UX writing differs from copywriting in that it aims to guide the user through the interface in an intuitive manner.\par
As the apps and websites that we use become increasingly complex, the need for clear guidance within them also grows. But more than that, as these digital products become more a part of our daily lives, we as users seek out those that give us the most natural and fluid experience. These changes in the way we interact with technology have led to the creation of UX writing as a discipline in its own right.\par
---------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 Ux researcher\fs22\par
 Understanding User Research Methods\par
Also called UX research and design research, user research, this is a branch of research that studies target users, particularly their needs, pain points and other experiences while using a product or service, be it physical or digital.\par
 these methods provide sharp insights into the user experience, so that it is possible to optimize all design projects.\par
----------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 UX strategy\fs22\par
What is UX strategy?\par
Now we know what a UX designer does, let\f1\rquote\f0 s move onto the specifics of UX strategy. We know that companies have their own set of business goals\f1\emdash from building up a recognizable brand to retaining customers and, of course, increasing revenue. A professional who is responsible for aligning these business goals with the end user\rquote s (or customer\rquote s) experience of a product or service is sometimes referred to as a UX strategist. So, UX strategy is the intersection of user-centered design and business strategy.\par
\f0 ----------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 information architecture\par
\fs22 What is information architecture?\par
Information architecture is a discipline that focuses on the organization of information within digital products. For example, when designers create apps and websites, they lay out each individual screen so that the user can easily find the information they need. They also create a flow that lets users navigate between screens without much effort. UX architects determine the right organization and flow.\par
---------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 Product Designer\fs22\par
What are the Key Responsibilities of a Product Designer?\par
Product designers may be asked to operate at both very high-level design (such as designing the overall system or information architecture) and very granular details (pixel-specific mockups or CSS templates). Regardless of what they\f1\rquote\f0 re working on, the user experience is front-and-center for their work.\par
Product designers have a number of artifacts they may deliver as part of their job, including but limited to:\par
Prototypes\par
Wireframes\par
Mockups\par
User Journey Maps\par
While the \f1\ldblquote\f0 traditional\f1\rdblquote  \f0 model was to hand off a product to product designers after the requirements were set, many product designers now work hand-in-hand with the product team throughout the product development process. By being involved throughout, they can influence what the product does as well as how it does it, keeping the user experience top of mind.\par
Product designers typically take the reins for prototyping and user testing, as their goal is to create an excellent product experience. They may also actually do some coding (typically more with front-end presentation languages such as HTML and CSS) and create digital assets such as logos, icons and buttons, along with helping author the text used in the product.\par
For solutions that include physical products or hardware, a product designer has additional responsibilities, such as helping select materials, colors and textures, possibly even using 3-D printers for prototyping or recommending production methods. Product designers will also maintain the design library of the product suite for future reference.\par
--------------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 visual design\fs22\par
Visual design focuses on the aesthetics of the site and its associated materials through the strategic implementation of images, colors, fonts, and other elements. Successful visual design does not detract from page content or functionality. Instead, it enhances it by engaging users and helping to build trust and interest in the brand.\par
Basic Elements of Visual Design\par
The basic elements that combine to create visual designs include:\par
\lang9 Lines connect two points and can be used to help define shapes, create divisions, and create textures. All lines, if straight, have length, width and direction.\par
Shapes are self-contained areas. To define a region, the graphic artist uses fonts and variations in value, color, and/or texture. Every object is made up of shapes.\par
Color palette options and combinations are used to differentiate elements, create depth, add focus, and/or help organize information. Looking for color theory\par
In how different choices psychologically affect users.\par
Texture refers to the feel or feel of a surface. By repeating an element, a texture will be created and a pattern will be formed. Depending on how the texture is applied, it can be used strategically to attract or deter attention.\par
Typography refers to the fonts chosen, their size, alignment, color, and spacing.\par
-------------------------------------\par
\fs40\par
Product owner\par
\fs22 In short, a product owner's responsibilities are:\par
develop the product features and goals;\par
create product backlog items based on product goals;\par
order product backlog items, ensuring that the product backlog is visible and understood; and\par
serve as the liaison between business stakeholders, Scrum team members and end users.\par
A product owner interacts with the Scrum team weekly, if not daily. The product owner might participate in the daily Scrum to hear firsthand about progress and problems. Most importantly, about once a week the product owner meets with the Scrum team to work on backlog refinement and help prepare the backlog items for the upcoming Scrum.\par
-----------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 Ux unicorn\fs22\par
A person who has expertise in all UX disciplines is called UX unicorn. This person can do everything about user experience in a project, replace a team and do the whole work alone.\par
------------------------------------\par
\par
\fs40 Content Strategy\fs22\par
Content strategy focuses on the planning, creation, delivery, and governance of content.  Content not only includes the words on the page but also the images and multimedia that are used. Ensuring that you have useful and usable content, that is well structured, and easily found is vital to improving the user experience of a website. \par
The goal of content strategy is to create meaningful, cohesive, engaging, and sustainable content.   Content Strategy for the Web,   your strategy helps you to identify what already exists, what should be created and, more importantly, why it should be created.\par
\par
\par
\par
\lang1033\par
\par
}
 